				ANDHRA BANK
		      (A Govt. of India Undertaking)	
			    CREDIT CARD DIVISION
		         HEAD OFFICE : : HYDERABAD

                            MERCHANT AGREEMENT			

1. This agreement is made on the         20th         day of December, 2016
   Between Andrra Bank, a Government of India undertaking incorporated under
   the Banking Companies (Acquisition and Transfer of undertaking) Act, 1980
   having its Head Office at Dr. Pattabhi Bhavan 5-9-11, Saifabad, Hyderabad
   (hereinafter called "the Bank")          of the first part represented by
   Mr......................................s/o
   ...................Manager,....................Branch/Center/Credit Card
   Division, Hyderabad.

2. M/s Sharda Apparels a Merchant Establishment which is Proprietary concern
   represented by Mrs. Sharda Devi Niranjan W/o Mr.Parshuram Niranjan its sole
   Propreitor having its representative office at 174, Om Shiv Nagar, Lalghati,
   Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh (Hereinafter called "the Merchant") of the second
   part which expression shall mean and include its successors and assignees.

3. Whereas the Bank at the request of the Merchant agreed to include in the
   panel of Merchant Establishments for honouring/accepting Cards of Credit/
   Debit or any other specified card issued under affiliation with VISA/Master
   or any other association notified from time to time.

   NOW THIS AGREEMENT WITNESSETH AS FOLLOWS:

4. UNLESS THE CONTEXT OTHERWISE REQUIRES
	a) 'CARD' means valid and un-expired card issud by Andhra Bank and any
	   authorized issuers of VISA and MASTER Card International with logo
	   logo of either VISA or VISA Electrol logo on the face of VISA Cards.
	   Red & Yellow in two circles intercepting each other on MASTER Cards
	   and Blue & Red in two circles intercepting each other on Maestro
	   Cards.
	b) 'CARDHOLDER' means the person in whose favour the card is issued as 
	   authorized user and whose name is appearing in full or in abbreviated
	   form on the Card or a non-personalised card.
	c) 'EDC' means Electronic Data Capture Terminal/'GPRS' means General
	   Pocket Radia Service Terminal works on Mobile technologies. EDC/GPRS
	   is an Electronic instrument supplied by the Bank or its authorized
	   representative, placed at the specific request of the Merchant, used
	   to Card swipe for authorizing a Transaction from the card issuing Bank
	   and such authorization data is electronically captured at the merchant
	   location and a charge slip is generated.
	d) 'SALES DRAFTS/CHARGE SLIP' means a card transaction authorized from the
	   card issuing Bank generated from EDC, which is supplied by the Bank or
	   its authorized representative used for the purpose of consummating a
	   a sale to a cardholder, which is to be charged to the card account in
	   the specified format supplied by Bank or its authorized agent to the
	   Merchant from time to time.
	e)	The Merchant agrees to check the authenticity of cardholder while
	   performing a transaction, and undertake to honour the valid card only
	   on
	   authorization obtainded through EDC terminal.
	f) Cash Payments' means paying cash upto a stipulated amount on the cards
	   specified by Bank from time to time.
	g) 	HONOURING/ACCEPTING OF CARDS
   In Consideration of Bank agreeing to pay all the amounts covered by valid sales
   drafts representing the card transaction in accordance with the terms and
   conditions of this agreement, the Merchant, agrees to sell goods or extend
   sevices to the cardholder of a valid, un expired, properly tendered cards and 
   honour such cards in lieu of cash transactions allowed.

i) The Merchant agrees to display the card emblem/s and other promotional material 
   supplied by the Bank at the Merchant Place of Business.
ii) To honour/accept the Cards, the Merchant agrees to:
	a) Install "Electronic Draft Capture Terminal" (EDC) provided by the Bank
	   or its authorized agent.
	b) Install General Pocket Radio Service Terminal(GPRS) at the specific 
	   request of the Merchant, governed by the stipulated guidelines of the
	   Bank or its authorized Agent.
	c) Keep one telephone line connection for the EDC terminal, and
	d) To bear the applicable rentals as specified by the Bank from time to time
	   on EDC Terminals, in case the specified turnover is not generated during
	   a month and any charges incurrd on maintenance/use of the telephone
	   connection and/or other incidental charges.
	e) While honouring manual transactions, merchant to take legible imprint
	   of the card on the sales draft, and that the sales draft contains the
	   amount of transaction in both words and figures, complete address of the
	   merchant and signature of the cardholder, Bill number, Invoice number with
	   date and Authorisation code obtained from the Bank's authorized referral
	   centre.
	f) The Merchant agrees to obtain authorization for all manual transactions;if
	   Such manual transactions are considered as Payments on cllections basis.
	   And such payments are reimburesed as per the norms of Bank or as per the
	   guidelines specified by Visa or Master card International from time to time.
	g) Merchant agrees not to pay cash directly to any Credit cardholder by taking
	   Sale draft and agrees that only goods and/or services will be provided
	   through the Credit Card.
	h) Merchant agrees that where more than one EDC terminal is provided on a
	   Single Merchant ID, the charge slips along with the settlement copy
	   generated from all the terminals are collected and produced to the Bank
	   on a periodical basis. Wherever it is inconvenient to the Merchant, such
	   chargeslips and settlement copies may be preserved under lock and key. In
	   case any chargeback arised, charge slips relating to such transactions are
	   to be produced to the Bank in duplicate, within 24 hours from the time of
	   intimation from the Bank. on failure to submit, the Bank reserves the right
	   to withhold the equivalent amount of chargeback till the dispute is resolved.

   CASH PAYMENTS:
   Merchant agrees to pay cash on the Debit Cards or any other card specified by Bank,
   up to a stipulated amount as requested by the cardholder, but not connected with any
   purchases, subject to the following conditions:
	 i) Cash shall be paid against the specified card only
	ii) The amount shall be paid on the request of the cardholder and after
	    authorisation from the issuing Bank through EDC Terminal
       iii) Signature of the chargeslip is to be verified with the signature on the 
	    card.
	iv) Customer Copy of the chargeslip is to be invariably returned to the Card-
	    Holder.
	 v) No other commission or charges shall be collected from the cardholder and
	    No amount to be deducted from the amount paid to the CardHolder.
iii) While honouring/accepting the Cards, the Merchant agrees to verify the following
     card security features on the Card to ensurethat the Card is valid and consummate
     the transaction only when all the features are matching and recieves the approval 
     for the transaction amount.
	a) Compare the first four digits of the Card Number with the four-digit pre
	   printed number on the Card, that cannot be scratched off.
	b) Three dimensional hologram (flying dove on VISA cards, Blue and Red Circles
	   intercepting in Maestro cards)
	c) Verify the VISA or VISA ELECTRON or Master Card or Master card Electron logo
	   or any logo specified from time to time.
	d) Verify, that the characters and Card Number embossed on the Card or that the
	   characters and card number indent printed or laser engraved in case of
	   electron card are clear and uniform in size and spacing.
	e) Verify "valid through" date/effective date ensure that the Card is not expired.
	f) Compare the details of Name, Card number and expiry date embossed/printed on
	   the card with the details printed on the Sales Draft.
	g) Verify the tamper evident signature panel and the last four digits of Card on
	   the rear side of the Card.
	h) Compare the signature on rear side of the Card with the signature on the sales
	   Draft/Charge Slip
	i) If a Card bears a Photograph, verify that the cardholder resembles the person
	   depicted on the Card.
	j) If the Merchant supsicious about the validity of the Card inform the Bank and
	   if recieve 'Pick Up' message, withhold the Card if it can be done so by
	   peaceful means.
	k) Insist any other identity proof for establishment of identity, in case of 
	   suspicion.
iv)  INTERNATIONAL CARDS
     In case of honouring/accepting international cards from foreigners the Merchant agrees
     to verify identity of the cardholder with valid passport and verify that the signature
     on the Sales Draft/Charge Slip and note the passport number, country of issuance of
     passport and local address, if any, available, of the cardholder on reverse of the
     Sales Draft/Charge slip/Bill/invoice, without fail. A Photo copy of the Card, valid
     passport, identity proof etc., to be obtained incase of high value transaction. The
     Merchant further agrees to posses money chargers license from Reserve Bank of India or
     any other license required from time to time for honouring/accepting the international
     Cards and also agrees to furnish a copy of the same to the Bank befor honouring/
     accepting the International Cards and also agrees to furnish a copy of the same to
     the Bank before honouring/accepting international Cards.
v)   The Merchant agrees not to stipulate any minimum or maximum amout for a transaction for
     accepting payments through the Cards.
vi)  The Merchant agrees to honour/accept without discrimination all valid Cards properly
     presented for payment for the goods slod and services rendered to the CardHolder.
vii) The Merchant agrees NOT to discriminate between payments through the Cards and any other
     payment method and NOT to charge directly or indirectly the additional surcharge for
     making payments through the Cards.
viii)The Merchant agrees to inform the CardHolder about 'Good Return Policy' and 'Credit Return
     Policy' clearly mentioning the same in the Bill/Invoice or on the Sales Draft/Charge Slip.
     In Case of Credit Refund, the Merchant agrees NOT to pay in Cash directly to the Card
     Holder and to send a copy of Credit slip to Andhra Bank along with cheque/Demand Draft
     or authorization letter to debit their account with Andhra Bank for the equal amount of
     Credit slip for adjusting the amount to the Cardholder's account.
     The 'Goods Return Policy' includes the clauses such as RECEIVED GOODS IN GOOD CONDITION
     ACROSS THE COUNTER AND SALE FINAL, NO EXCHANGE, NO REFUND, and GOOD ONCE SOLD SHALL NOT
     BE TAKEN BACK etc.
ix)  The Merchant agrees to accept any cancellation of transaction partly or fully by the
     cardholder at a later date in the absence of 'Good Return Policy' as mentioned in caluse
     viii), in the Bill/Invoice and agrees to refund the amount to the Bank covering the
     transaction that was cancelled from teh cardholder or from the Bank.
x)   The Merchant agrees NOT to enter into an agreement with the cardholder for obtaining any
     security from the cardholder in connection with the transaction.
xi)  The Merchant agrees to reply suitably to the cardholder when contacted in case of any
     dispute at a later date with regard to a transaction that took place at the Merchant
     place.
xii) The Merchant agrees NOT to consummate any transaction without obtaining prior authorization
     for the full amount of transaction through EDC terminal or from the Bank or from the
     authorized agents.
xiii)The Merchant agrees NOT to sell goods or services other than the activity of the merchant
     identified with Merchant Category Code assigned to them at the time of including in the panel
     of Merchant Establishments. The Merchant Category Code consists of four digits, which is
     fixed in conformity with VISA/MASTERCARD regulations to identify the activity of the
     Merchant.
xiv) For Mail Orders (MO) and Telephone Orders (TO) the merchant agrees to make available to
     the Bank upon request the customer's written authorization to the merchant for the transaction.
     The Merchant also agrees not to deliver goods or perform services covered by MO/TO transaction
     and charge to the goods to the cardholder after receiving  notice from the cardholder that
     the MO/TO is cancelled.
xv) For Hotel Guaranteed Reservation transactions the merchant agrees to inform specifically the
    cardholder, the terms of the guaranteed reservation service and cancellation procedure that
    the cardholder must follow to avoid No-Show charges.
xvi)The Merchant agrees NOT to sell good or services that are prohibited by local laws.
xvii)The Merchant agrees NOT to sell, purchase, provide or exchange the information or data about
     the cardholder's name and card number to any third party other than to authorized agent of
     the bank or pursuant to a government request.
xviii)The Merchant Agrees NOT to accept the cards issued in the name of Proprietor/Partner/Managing
      Partner/Director/employee or in their family members of the merchant establishment.
xix) The Merchant undertakes not to misuse whatsoever, in case of Key-in-Transaction facility
     provided, if any.

6. PAYMENT AND SETTLEMENT TERMS
 The Merchant has to make day end operations on the EDC Terminal, on a daily basis to enable
 settlement process of the transactions. The Merchant should produce to the Bank copy of Charge
 slips along with summary report generated by EDC at the end of day to obtain payment from the Bank.
 Any delay in settlement beyond one working day of the Bank may may be charged with higher rate of
 commission/discount at its discretion. Bank is under no obligation to reimburse for the
 transactions if day-end operations are not carried out on EDC for a period beyond 5 days. Such
 transactions will be processed by the Bank on collection basis and reimbursement will be made
 subject to realization of these claims processed and no interest shall be paid on these amounts for
 the delayed period.

 The Merchant also undertakes to submit the following documents along with sales drafts/charge slips
 where goods are exported and not delivered in person.

a) Export Order to contain the following details
	i) Clear and detailed description of goods ordered.
       ii) Expected date of dispatch of goods and date of delivery of the same to the cardholder.
      iii) Place of delivery and mode of delivery like door delivery, delivery at warehouse, Air
           Port, Seaport etc.
       iv) Mode of consignment - Air, Sea carge, post parcel, courier etc
        v) Who has to bear the freight charges/local customs levies/delievery charges at destination
       vi) Insurance details - in case of damage/loss in transit who has to claim from the insurance
           company
      vii) Specific goods return policy - whether the merchant is willing to accept cancellation of
           sale.
     viii) Signature of the cardholder having acknowledged all the terms and conditions of export
	   order.

b) Proof of coopy of consignment

c) Copy of Insurance policy/certificate
	The Merchant also agrees to submit the proof of reciept of goods by the cardholder, to the Bank
   within 30 days from the date of transaction or from the date of dispatch of goods as agreed by the
   cardholder in the export order.

	The Bank undertake to purchase the said sale drafts/charge slips submitted by the merchant at a
   discount rate of..% or at any discount rate varied from time to time and informed to the merchant in
   the normal course of business and make the payment to the merchant by way of Demand Draft/Pay Order/
   Cheque or Credit the merchant's account maintained with the Bank or by any other mode of remittance
   like NEFT.
   The Bank reserve the right to withhold the payment partly or fully, if the merchant do not  submit any
   of aforesaid documents or if the transaction is not otherwise in order or not satisfied by the bank or
   any suspicious nature of transaction.
   It is agreed by both the parties that the bank is not a party to the sale contract/transaction, which
   was originally entered into by the merchant with the cardholder. Any dispute at a later date regarding
   the transactoin/sale contract may be settled directly with the cardholder and bank takes no
   responsibility in settling the dispute.

7. CHARGE BACKS
   Chargeback means a right vested with the Bank to demand the amount covered by the sales drafts subsequent
   to the transaction and recovery of the same under A to E from merchant by Bank.
   
   A. EXPIRED CARD:
	If the transaction is made after the expiry date of the card.

   B. SALES DRAFT:
	1) Signature of the Cardholder not appearing on sales draft and/or the signature on sales draft
           differs with the authorized signature on the reverse of the card.
	2) Bill No/INVOICE No/date/authorization code not mentioned on the revese of the sales draft in
	   in case of the International Cards.
	3) Passport Number and local address not mentioned on the reverse of the sales draft in case of the
	   International Cards.
	4) Proof of dispatch of goods not enclosed to sales draft in case goods are not delivered in
	   person or not produced when demanded by the bank.
	5) If the sales draft is not submitted to the Bank on the next day of settlement of transaction.
	6) When the amount is claimed more than once through sales draft for the same Transaction or
	   payment received as a duplicate transaction without Authorization from the Cardholder.

   C. SALE OF GOODS:
   if the Cardholder complains
	1) That the goods supplied acrosss the counter or mailed, do not tally with the description
	   in the sales agreement/invoice/bill given to the cardholder.
	2) For non-receipt of the goods when the goods are exported/not delivered in person.
	3) That the goods supplied through mail are defective in nature
	4) About non-issuance of credit letter by the Merchant for cancelled transaction.
	5) If the cardholder complains that if any extra charges are levied on the transaction
	   amount which is over and above the sales bill.

   D. PROOF OF RECEIPT OF GOODS BY THE CARDHOLDER:
   If the Merchant fails to submit proof of receipt goods by the cardholder within thirty days from
   the date of transaction in case of export order.

   E. SELF CARDS
      If transactions are on credit cards issued in the name of directors/partners/proprietors and
      their family members of the Merchant Establishment.

      In all the above cases of charge back, the amount can be recovered by the Bank either from
      the amount payable in future transactions. Merchant Establishment, is liable to pay the charge
      back amount, or if there are no future transactions or even in case where the Merchant
      Establishment does not maintain any sufficient balance in its Bank account or even if the Merchant
      agreement is terminated by the Bank or the Merchant agreement is expired.

      The Bank reserves the right to chargeback the amount of any transaction to the merchant account
      under the following circumstances
	1) The Merchant did not process the transaction in compliance with this agreement
	2) The transaction was made with a counterfeit or altered card
	3) The transaction was fraudulent, ineligible, or illegal.
	4) The cardholder disputed the transaction, because the goods were not received or were
	   defective or were not as described or because the services were not performed or were
	   inadequate
	5) The amount of sales draft/charge slip is more than the amount of invoice/bill
	6) The amount of sales draft/charge slip is claimed more than once or duplicated for the same
	   transaction
	7) When the merchant did not process credit to the cardholder for the cancelled transaction.
	
	In all the above cases of chargeback the Merchant is liable to pay the cahrgeback amount to
	the Bank with interest as determined by the Bank for the period, the Bank is out of funds on
	account of chargeback by the card Issuer. The Bank can recover the amount of chargeback
	including interest either from the Merchant's account or from the future transactions of the
	Merchant. Even if there are no future transanctions or the merchant does not maintain any
	balance in its account or even the merchant agreement is terminated the merchant continues
	to be liable to pay the chargeback amount along with interest.

8. INDEMNITY
   The Merchant agrees to indemnify the Bank against all charges, including exchange difference
   claims, damages, losses, penalties and expenses of whatsovever arising out of breach, losses,
   penalties and expenses of whatsoever arising out of breach of any of the terms and conditions
   of the agreement by the Merchant. The Merchant also agrees to continue to indemnify even after
   the cancellation/termination of the agreement for those claims, damages, losses, penalties,
   chargeback and expenses arising out of the transactions or any loss or damage caused or non-
   return of EDC Terminal/GPRS Terminal during validity of this agreement.

9. CHANGE OF ADDRESS & RECONSTITUTION OF FIRM
   The Merchant agrees to inform the change of address intended or reconstitution of firm to the
   Bank within 30 days from the date of

10. AMENDMENT CLAUSE
    The Merchant hereby accepts such alterations and/or amendments, additions made hereafter from
    time to time the Terms and Conditions of the agreement and forms part of the agreement on
    communication of such amendments, additions to the Merchant in the course of Business from the
    date of such communication.

11. TERMINATION OF AGREEMENT
    The Merchant can terminate this agreement after a giving a clear notice of 30 dyas in witing to
    the Bank while surrendering the EDC/GPRS Terminal along with the accessories and stationery.
    The Bank can terminalte this agreement after giving a clear notice without mentioning any reason.
    The agreement stands terminated automatically on the liquidation of company/change in constitution
    of the company/dissolution of the firm/change in the partners/change in ownership of the Merchant.

12. JURISDICTION
    All disputes out of this agreement shall be subject to HYDERABAD jurisdiction only.

13. RIGHT OF DISCLOSURE
    The Bank will be entitled at any time to disclose any/all information concerning the merchant and
    within the Knowledge and possession of the Bank to any party including VISA & MASTERCARD who may
    in turn inform to any concerned in connection with the card acceptance facility provided by the
    bank any time.

14. RETENTION OF RECORDS
    The Merchant Agrees to retain the copies of sales draft/charge slip and other relevant documents
    of the transactions for a period of two years from the date of transaction, and to furnish the
    record immediately to the Bank as and when asked for by the Bank within the period of two years.

15. RETURNING THE EDC/GPRS TERMINAL
    The Merchant agrees to return the Terminal to the Bank/ to the Authorised representative of
    the Bank in good and working condition as and when the agreement is terminated at the request of
    the Merchant / at the Notice of the Bank and the Merchant shall indemnify the Bank for any damage
    or loss caused to the Bank with respect to the EDC/GPRS terminal supplied to the Merchant.

    In witness where of the Merchant hereto have signed the agreement on this 20th day of December,
    2016.

Signed by.................                                                   Signed by
         .................                                        for and on behalf of the Merchant
For and on behalf of the Bank                                     Name and address of the Merchant

Witness:

1..................................(Bank Representative)


2..................................